Oh, we had to get permission for one of us to go over to the other person's unit in order
to have dinner together.
I think that was purely for the menu sake as well. The only time Steve could stay past
12, it happens to 11 in my room, was either Christmas, or birthdays, or funerals.
Did they explain why?
Fire regulations.
Alright, Steve how did you feel about that?
Er, I wasn't very happy at first.
At first we were told nine o'clock.
Yeah, yeah that's true, yeah it was. Nine o'clock was the curfew, which was a little bit steep really
when you consider you didn't finish your meals till around about six, even half past, on some
occasions, which didn't give you a lot of time in the evening. Especially when you were looking for
somebody because they're really busy in here, so then Steve was looking for somebody to try and get
him over to Martin, so sometimes we'd only have an hour together.
How did you feel about that Sean?
Angry.
Did they ever, so they said it was fire regulations?
What happened originally was one of the people at work in one of the units went to one of the managers
and said, they're both adults, they have a right to have a bit more time. So it was thankful
to a good person who showed up for us and then it got extended to half past eleven.
Do you think it's because they're not experienced in supporting relationships?
It may well be because there aren't any, there isn't anybody else at this time like us
and when we first got together, I don't know if you remember but I do, being told they were trying to
discourage married people, whether that is something to do with insurance, I don't know.